Since moving out of
home, I've noticed
that I do tend to just stick to
stuff that I know how to make,
that's easy, and affordable.
Over the course of my
university studies,
my eating habits have
changed a little bit.
Initially, when I
was in high school,
I used to eat a
lot of junk food.
And it was a lot of
chocolate, a lot of chips.
That kept up with part of
my first year of university
studies.
But by the time I
entered my third year,
I found that I started to
eat healthier or at least,
reduced the amount of snacking.
I'd say, some of my eating
preferences have changed.
I think, certainly,
money factors
into a lot of the way
that-- the food I shop,
and what I cook and eat.
So I think, healthy,
fast quick, cheap meals
are what my diet's of
changed to at university.
My eating habits have definitely
changed since I moved to uni.
These days, I'm looking for
a really quick and easy meals
that I can cook up.
And generally, I
want those done--
eaten and cooked
within half an hour so
I can get on with my day.